#summary Inception document

===DeDupester Vision===
	To create a system that will rid music libraries of duplicate records. The system will also provide the ability to organize a music library as well as to repair library metadata.

===Primary Actors===
  * User - person with possible music duplication.
  * SuD - the system under discussion.

===Supporting Actors===
  * CDDB - possibly for querying metadata.
  * !MusicBrainz - possibly for querying metadata.

===User Goals===
  * Identify duplication in a library.
  * Get rid of duplicate files from a library.
  * Identify duplication between two libraries.
  * Merge two libraries without introducing duplicates.
  * Organize a library using file metadata (move and rename files/folders).
  * Repair missing or incorrect metadata in a library.

===Use Cases===
  # [IdentifyDuplicates Identify Duplicates]
  # [EliminateDuplicates Eliminate Duplicates]
  # [MergeLibraries Merge Libraries]
  # [OrganizeLibrary Organize Library]
  # [RepairMetadata Repair Metadata]


===Glossary===
  * Library - see music library.
  * Music Library - A collection of audio files under a common root directory (e.g. C:\Music\).
  * Audio files - Files with the following extensions: mp3 (investigate other file types such as mp4, etc.).
  * Metadata - Information about audio files including artist name, album name, track name, track number, bitrate, etc.
  * Duplicate - Two or more audio files that have identical pieces of metadata. Various levels of duplication will be defined below.
  * "Regular" duplicate - Files that share identical album name, artist name, and track name.
  * Other duplicates to be defined here...


===Supplementary Specification===
  * System must give users the option to backup files before any destructive alterations are made (such as move, rename, merge, or repair metadata).
  * Preview of rename and metadata edit operations would be nice.
  * Other requirements go here... (FURPS+ - usability, reliability, performance, supportability, + interfaces, technology, reports, documentation, license, etc.)